For the sellers desiring tons of money, and seeking ways to success:

If so, or if you need one-try or only need one piece of our whole building brand project, please view the list below:
A. Product Marketing Statistic & Analysis
Providing us the descriptive images of one product, we will analysis the marketing details. Such as price, competitor, main keyword, market volume, target audience and etc.. Telling you if the product will bring your profit must be the most important.
CHARGE: 1000 USD for one product.
DATA TYPE: pdf report
B. Competitor Statistic & Analysis
Analysis certain competitors’ products, category, price, reviews, new arrival, hot sales, new release and so on, even new competitors.
CHARGE: 1000 USD monthly per seller/5000 USD monthly for all competitors for you.
DATA TYPE: weekly pdf report
C. Pricing Statistic & Analysis
Providing us one product, we will analysis the market and advise you the selling price weekly to maximize the profit.
CHARGE:100 USD one product weekly
DATA TYPE: pdf report
D. Listing Design & Optimization 
We will help you get Listing more attractive and valuable, including image, title, bullets, description, promotion, review and so on.
CHARGE:300 USD one product and other fees if you need further help
E. Amazon Ads. Management(Need authorized us Store access & API access)
We will help you manage the Amazon Ads., set the reasonable keyword bid and gain the nice profit from Ads.
CHARGE:1000 USD monthly per seller
F. Amazon SEO Session & Page View
We can make one product to the Page One Top One for certain keyword, but not for all keyword and product. If you want this, please contact us and we will calculate the cost and the expect profit for you.
Simple Cool Service:
CHARGE: 1000 sessions/page views at 100 USD or more at contract price
G. ERP for Amazon with all Amazon API or Customized Edition(Contact to get more information)
H. Other Customized Service(Contact to get more information)

If you really, really, really want to be one successful seller, please view the content below:

Sales is not from manual-order, not from unplanned advertisement investment, not from only beautiful image, not from only cool product page, even not from review. It is from BRAND. Especially in North America, More than 80% Sales comes from brand, yes, customers prefer searching brand instead of searching product descriptive words, for the brand’s nice quality, nice service, nice out looking, or just only nice shape. In another case, for the new products, no one know what the product will be called, so that customer have no idea to search which word to get the intended item.

So, paying attention to building brand is the best way to success.

We are now concentrating on building brand, through marketing, pricing, multi-aspect optimization, multi-channel advertisement, SNS, SEO, AND our brand building system, ERP, website. But we lack excellent product, lack potential brand vendor. If you desire success, please contact us, combining your excellent product and our excellent building ability to one project, building brand, growing fast and sharing profit are the purpose for this project.

No service charge, you provide excellent product ,and we are responsible for building brand. We will handle all the business things. After hot sales, all of us share the result. If failed, we make a loss together. If success, we all get bonus!

Do the BEST with us or chose one service above, by your choice. After that, Remember contact us.
