Dear Seller,
　　Are you still worried about overstocking, lack of order, poor demonstration of products, or no way to make a top selling listing? Just contact us now to swipe all these problems off, and become a professional top seller!
   We are dedicated in various kinds of promotion services to make your products a real hit in market. Service list as below:
1. Keywords SEO: it takes only about 1 week to make your keywords(or maybe the keywords we suggest for you) get to the top page of the search result. No need to worry about lack of orders, and when more keywords get to the first page, your products become a hit.
Price: 150USD(1000CNY) per keyword, and discounts as you choose more. Generally we will provide 5-20 choices or a keyword group of 5, with a groupon price of 700USD(4600CNY), and 1300USD(8500CNY) for 10 keywords. For some top hot keywords we will charge extra 0.06USD(0.4CNY) per session.
2. Listing optimization: we optimize your title, bullet points, description, keywords, picture and reviews, to make your listing a brand new one, with strong momentum in convention rate. 
Price: 80USD(500CNY) per listing, with more discounts for multiple choices.
3. In-site advertisement: the most experienced pricing strategy and keywords selection, to ensure smaller budget and larger effect instead of aimless money burning
External promotions: information update on all hot deals websites and SNS cewebrity alliance to introduce significant increase in external traffics.
Price: 80USD(500CNY) per listing, with more discounts for multiple choices.
4. Operation Hosting: account registration, product exploitation, solution for whole course logistics, account operation, listing optimization, after sales, internal& external promotions - all in one service for an Amazon account.
Price: contact us for more information.
5. Customized services: view the attachment & contact us to get services special for you!

　　还在担心产品FBA库存积压吗？还在忧心每天都没有订单吗？还在苦恼关键词怎么都搜索不到自己的产品吗？还在忧虑产品无法推爆吗？请马上联系我们，让我们带您走出困境，玩转亚马逊吧！！！
 
   我司致力于提供亚马逊各种各样的营销服务，专业的团队，打造前所未有的火热的爆款，具体服务如下：
1. 关键词首页推广：我们只需要一周左右时间便能能让您提供的关键词（也可以是我们帮你制定专业的关键词）瞬间到亚马逊关键词搜索的第一页，出单不再是梦。当更多的关键词飙到第一页，爆款也不再遥远。
收费：人民币1000元1个词起，关键词越多优惠越多，合作越深入优惠越多，具体情况请联系我们。
2. 产品list优化: 优化list的标题、卖点、描述、关键词、图片和评价等等。在我们专业的团队服务下，您的Listing将会是史无前例的完美，转化率无可挑剔的飙升。
收费：每个listing500元，多个可以优惠。
3. 亚马逊站内广告: 最专业最权威的关键词选定，极致的竞价，可以让您的广告烧钱烧得起所，烧出爆款，不再担心广告烧钱没效果。
收费：每个listing500元，多个可以优惠。
4. 站外推广：北美各大折扣网站折扣信息发布、社交网络红人推广，让您的产品站外流量，销量指数上升，告别默默无闻的日子。
5. 代运营服务：包括账号注册、产品开发、全程运输物流方案、账号日常营运、产品页面优化、售后服务、站内站外推广等等一条龙的亚马逊账号代运营服务，不要错过这一波亚马逊淘金热。
收费：请联系我们获取详细资料
6. 其他定制服务：能人所能，能人所不能！赶紧联系我们吧！联系方式在附件的图片里。
